Add a library_design.md file documenting the core Python data structures and their relationship (#10817)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/developer_guide/library_design.md

Any pandas methods that are defined for those two classes should be defined here.

The second internal subclass of `Frame` is `SingleColumnFrame`.
As you may surmise, it is a `Frame` with a single column of data.
This class is a parent for most types of indexes as well as `Series` (note the diamond inheritance pattern here).
While `IndexedFrame` provides a large amount of functionality, this class is much simpler.
It adds some simple APIs provided by all 1D pandas objects, and it flattens outputs where needed.

### Indexes

While we've highlighted some exceptional cases of Indexes before, let's start with the base cases here first.
`BaseIndex` is intended to be a pure abstract class, i.e. all of its methods should simply raise `NotImplementedError`.
In practice, `BaseIndex` does have concrete implementations of a small set of methods.
However, currently many of these implementations are not applicable to all subclasses and will be eventually be removed.

Almost all indexes are subclasses of `GenericIndex`, a single-columned index with the class hierarchy:
```python
class GenericIndex(SingleColumnFrame, BaseIndex)
```

> `Frame`->`SingleColumnFrame`->`GenericIndex`<-`BaseIndex`.

Reviewer: Are we keeping both of these?

Author: Nope, oversight on my part.

1. No data buffer
2. No mask buffer as there are no nulls in the Series
3. Two children columns:

   - A column of UTF-8 characters
     `['d', 'o', 'y', 'o', 'u', 'h', ..., '?']`
   - A column of "offsets" to the characters column (in this case,
     `[0, 2, 5, 9, 12, 19]`)

### Data types

cuDF uses [dtypes](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/arrays.dtypes.html) to represent different types of data.
Since efficient GPU algorithms require preexisting knowledge of data layouts,
cuDF does not support the arbitrary `object` dtype, but instead defines a few custom types for common use-cases:
- `ListDtype`: Lists where each element in every list in a Column is of the same type
- `StructDtype`: Dicts where a given key always maps to values of the same type
- `CategoricalDtype`: Analogous to the pandas categorical dtype except that the categories are stored in device memory
- `DecimalDtype`: Fixed-point numbers
- `IntervalDtype`: Intervals

Note that there is a many-to-one mapping between data types and `Column` classes.
For instance, all numerical types (floats and ints of different widths) are all managed using `NumericalColumn`.

### Buffer

> Although a `Column` represents an Arrow-compliant data structure, it does not directly handle memory mangaement.
> That job is delegated to the `Buffer` class, which represents a device memory allocation owned by another object.

Reviewer: I think thinking of buffers as "memory managers" is maybe less useful than thinking of Columns as being composed of one or more buffers:

```suggestion
`Column`s are in turn composed of one or more `Buffer`s.
A `Buffer` represents a single, contiguous, device memory allocation owned by another object.
```

Cython declaration files that expose the contents of C++ header files to other Cython files.
The second component consists of Cython wrappers for this functionality.
These wrappers are necessary to expose this functionality to pure Python code.
They also handle translating cuDF objects into their `libcudf` equivalents and invoking `libcudf` functions.

Working with this layer of cuDF requires some familiarity with `libcudf`'s APIs.
`libcudf` is built around two principal objects whose names are largely self-explanatory: `column` and `table`.
`libcudf` also defines corresponding non-owning "view" types `column_view` and `table_view`.
`libcudf` APIs typically accept views while returning owning types.

Most cuDF Cython wrappers involve converting `cudf.Column` objects into `column_view` or `table_view` objects,
calling a `libcudf` API with these arguments, then constructing new `cudf.Column`s from the result.
In the context of cuDF, `libcudf`'s ownership of memory is always transient.
cuDF's Cython wrappers immediately transfer ownership from returned owning objects to an `rmm.DeviceBuffer`.

> This behavior contrasts with how `cudf.Buffer`s work when constructed from memory allocated by other Python libraries.

Reviewer: There's a lot that the reader needs to really grasp what we're trying to say here. I feel we should omit this for now, and really dedicate a whole other section to memory management/ownership.

Author: That's a fair point. I think that is out of scope for this PR, though, so would you rather I leave this for now or just remove it and plan for a future section that covers this info?

Author: Discussed offline, removing for now.

> We endeavor to make these wrappers as thin as possible.
> By the time code reaches this layer, all questions of pandas compatibility should already have been addressed.
> These functions should be as close to trivial wrappers around `libcudf` APIs as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the time code reaches this layer, all questions of pandas compatibility should already have been addressed.
These functions should be as close to trivial wrappers around `libcudf` APIs as possible.
```

Reviewer: The first sentence seems redundant with  the third here.
